[Music]
[Applause]
hey why don't you pick on someone your
own size
[Music]
where do they get a load of me I'm gonna
make guests pay for what he did to my
death hands in the air and all and to
the register and don't do anything
stupid now God comes out
I just wanna kill kick-ass with my bare
hands
let's tweet about this I want to team up
like Batman and Robin
okay Robin wishes he was me what I'm
trying to say is we should be partnered
ready to go again what do you want me to
do hit me you're a 15 year old
absolutely not
please don't just say fine and then
shoot me in the chest it's not cool
like at all okay geez we hit girl we're
training every day there were more and
more people joining us every night
Colonel stars and stripes reporting for
duty hell are ya little good guys
[Music]
superheroes oh my god Marty yeah I know
recognized your voice
no I don't I don't know what you're
talking about I don't know Volare
this guy is I'm gonna be the world's
first supervillain
my daddy made me promise I'd never stop
defending the city and that's exactly
what I'm going to do
[Music]